docs(bindings/aws.kinesis): document new  metadata for custom endpoin… (#4752)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/kinesis.md

| `secretKey`          | Y        | Output | The AWS Secret Access Key to access this resource                       | `"secretAccessKey"` |
| `sessionToken`       | N        | Output | The AWS session token to use                                            | `"sessionToken"`    |
| `direction`       | N        | Input/Output | The direction of the binding                                            | `"input"`, `"output"`, `"input, output"`    |

> | `endpoint`        | N        | Input | Custom endpoint for Kinesis and DynamoDB (e.g., for LocalStack support) | `"http://localhost:4566"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `endpoint`        | N        | Input | Custom endpoint for Kinesis and DynamoDB (for example to enable AWS LocalStack support) | `"http://localhost:4566"` |
```
